Now let's add the same test for the chest part.
So opening the chest ts again adding test to the interactions right here.
So.
Just copying the same test name here.
The test is it displays validation error coming from back end after submit failure.
And we are filling the form.
We are clicking the button and.
In the end, we are going to see the error message and the error message will be email in use.
And let's say this is the error message and error message.
We are expecting error message to be in the document.
But before before this test, we must be having the server to return the error response we are looking
for.
So far we are using this server right here.
This is the post handler for the sign up request and it is always returning 200.
We can override this behavior in the test so here we can have a server, we can access to the same server
instance and we can tell it to use this.
Arrest post handler.
And we are basically defining another rest post handler with this same same URL.
So this is going to be overriding the one we defined above.
And this is taking the request, response and context.
And basically we are going to return an error status of 400.
And there will be this.
Jason, buddy.
Which is having this validation errors.
And in it, we have the e mail and the message is e mail in heels.
So we are defining this new response time, which is returning 400 with this error message.
So when we click to the button after filling this form, we are going to receive this error and we will
see this message on UI.
So let's save this one.
And here we see the tests are passing and if we check the interactions last test.
This one is this place validation error coming from backhand after summit failure.
So this test is passing.
But I would like to show you an issue with the with this approach like here we are overriding the the
rest post handler for this URL and this has an impact in the in our test at the moment we don't see
it but let's let's practice it how we can see the effect of this one just cutting this last test and
just pasting the test before like this.
So the test I pasted before is this one it hides sign up form of the successful sign up request.
So this test is depend on the rest handler the server to return success response.
But in this test, the test before this one is overriding the rest post handler.
It seems like it is overridden within this test, but it is actually affecting the overall behavior
of the the server here.
So let's see the issue first, just saving this one.
And we have a failure this time.
And if we scroll up.
Let's see the name of the failing test.
The failing test is this one in interactions heights sign up form after successful sign up because basically
the test right after this one it displays validation error coming from back end.
So this one is failing.
And again, the fail reason is because now the server in this test which is looking for a successful
response coming from back and now the server is returning 400 because the previous test overwrite the
the server behavior.
So to fix this we have an option like we can use the just life cycle functions like this one is before
each before each test we can use server's reset handlers function.
So this is going to be resetting the handlers back to the to the original values.
So the original one was this one and we override it in this test.
When the next test is going to be running this before each going to be executed, and it's going to
be resetting the handlers, which means we will go back to the the handler, which is returning the
200.
Okay.
Back to client.
So let's save this one.
And here we see all tests are passing.
Now we can move the order of these tests back to the way it was.
So just cutting the the one with the validation error coming from back end to the last test in this
interactions block.
So when using MSW, just pay attention to this part.
When you are overriding the server behavior, make sure it's not going to be affecting other tests.
So make sure you use the reset handlers in the before each or after each life cycle hook of the gist
test functions.
Or alternatively, we can enhance the capability of this server right here.
So our tests are using this rest post handler right here and we can enhance its functionality like we
can set we can send some specific request payload.
And based on that payload, this rest handler can return either 400 requests or 200 and so on.
So let's practice that one as well.
So here in the rest handler, let's say we are going to check the request body, the email field coming
in the request.
And if request body email has the value of, let's say, not unique.
Malcolm.
Then we are going to return.
Return this response of.
400.
But the the validation errors, validation errors, having the email and it's going to be e mailed in
use.
So this handler will be returning 400 requests when the request buddy has this email.
Otherwise it's going to be returning 200.
Okay.
Now, if we have this race handler now, instead of defining a new one in in the in this test, we don't
need to override the race handler.
But this time we need to make sure this set of form.
Is filling the form with the the values we are looking for.
So for the email field, the setup form is filling with this user one at gmail.com.
But for the failed case, this value must be not unique.
At mail go.
And to do that we can enhance the functionality here.
We can say the setup form is taking a parameter like let's say values.
And this is going to be optional because otherwise we had we have to update each of the the functions
here.
It has functions here.
So this is optional.
We don't need to refactor all of the other tests and the values is for this case.
We will have email in it and the type of email will be string.
And we can do something like this for the user user event type for the email input.
We can either type the values for the email.
Or.
User one it may come.
So if we are passing the email value, it's going to be filled to the email input and then in this test.
In this one we can call the setup form with the the object having email and the value will be not unique.
It may come.
Just checking here not to make any typo here.
So this is the email and.
Yeah.
This is the one we are setting here as well.
So just saving this one.
And this test is also passing.
So you have options here.
You can either override the rest handlers in each test or you can go with a common one and add logic
into it.
But this approach is a bit fragile if you are adding too much logic into this one, maybe getting harder
to control the expected behavior in each of the tests.
So try to keep this one as small as possible and go with the rest handler.
Override approach if it gets complicated.